Update Documentation (#114)
OSOceanAcoustics/echoregions: docs/source/installation.rst

Introduction and Installation
=============================

EchoRegions is a package containing tools for working with Echoview EVR and EVL files. The primary use

> of EchoRegions is to create masks for Echograms; more specifically, EchoRegions is tailored for the
> specific format of Echograms generated by `Echopype <https://github.com/OSOceanAcoustics/echopype>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of EchoRegions is to create masks for echograms, and more specifically, Sv (volume backscattering strength) echograms generated by `Echopype <https://github.com/OSOceanAcoustics/echopype>`_.
```
